GRAPHICAL PASSWORD TO AVOID SHOULDER SURFING

Since conventional password schemes are vulnerable to shoulder surfing, many shoulder surfing resistant graphical
password schemes have been proposed. However, as most users are more familiar with textual passwords than pure graphical
passwords, text-based graphical password schemes have been proposed. Unfortunately, none of existing text-based shoulder
surfing resistant graphical password schemes is both secure and efficient enough. In this paper, we propose an improved 
text-based shoulder surfing resistant graphical password scheme by using colours.
In the proposed scheme, the user can easily and efficiently login system. Next, we analyse the security and usability of 
the proposed scheme, and show the resistance of the proposed scheme to shoulder surfing and accidental login. The shoulder
surfing attack is an attack that can be performed by the adversary to obtain the user’s password by watching over the user’s
shoulder as he enters his password. 

Graphical Password to avoid shoulder surfing is a system in which a graphical password is used to authenticate the user and 
provide a secure environment from shoulder surfing from people behind him. The system allows the user to not allow anyone to 
see the password even though he is trying to watch the password when the user is trying to insert the password from behind 
them integrated with security. This project has Graphical User Interface based interface that will help in inserting the 
graphical password.
 
Phase -1: Registration Phase: To register the user for setting the e-mail id, password and other details.
Phase-2: Login Phase: To input the password in the dialog box with the help of graphical whee;.Every wheel have some colors and also contain
                       some value. When user will click inner orbit or outer orbit then value present in the inner orbit and outer orbit
                       will be added to the password box.That Password then will be checked by database.
Phase-3: Testing Phase: To test the system over different constraint.



Name of the Supervisor:                                                                     Project team(G-38):
MS. AMRITA MAM                                                                              Sarthak Tyagi
                                                                                            Mayank Tripathi
                                                                                            Rajeev Raushan
                                                                                 
       Code link for other group members
       mayank tripathi- https://github.com/mayank5473/Graphicalpassword2
       sarthak tyagi-https://github.com/sarthaktyagi/graphicalpassword/tree/sarthaktyagi-patch-1
       

